[ActionList][Item] Allow indentation to be applied to individual items (#9820)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/angry-mirrors-explode.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> Added a prop to indent items to ActionList

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added an `indent` prop to ActionList for applying left indentation space and border to items
```
